**** When a player talks 1 on 1 with the camera: in Survivor, this is known as a confessional. However, in Big Brother this is known as a DR. For simplicity's sake,
I will refer to this as confessionals throughout the project.

Within the Survivor (superfan) fanbase, there is a term known as "the purple edit". Getting a purple edit essentially means you are under-edited compared to the rest of your castmates.
It essentially makes you a 'non-entity' to the season's plot as far as the narrative is concerned.

The term's origin stems from Survivor Nicaragua (Survivor's 21st season) where one tribe had two women named Kelly. To differentiate them, one of them was referred to as "Purple" Kelly
(for the purple streaks in her hair). The reason for the term being named after her is because she was severely underedited, getting an average of 0.36 confessionals per episode. Kelly 
was consistently in the majority and voted correctly at every tribal council she voted at (except 1). The reason that fans suspect that she was "purple edited" was quitting in the late 
game.
  
As a note, this average confessional per episode count has since been broken by 3 other players:
  Whitney Duncan, South Pacific (0.35)
  Chelsea Townsend, Ghost Island (0.33)
  Hope Driskill, Caramoan (0.33)

In fact, 15 of the 20 players with the fewest confessionals per episode are women, which has caused me to start an extra portfolio project into this being an 'anomaly' or whether women
are generally underedited relative to men (available here).

I wanted to see whether a show like Big Brother also unintentionally creates a a purple edit. Now, it is a bit harder for Big Brother to be edited this way and I will explain why. As
many people know, Survivor does not air live - it films 2 seasons back to back between May and July that will air in the following Fall and Spring television seasons. As a result, the
edit of the show is almost the story of how the winner won (or how the losers lost, in some cases) by the producers and editos. This does cause some players to be underedited relative
to their influence on the game and some players being overedited.

Unlike Survivor, however, Big Brother airs live alongside 24/7 live feeds (or as close to 24/7 as possible). Meaning how events happen and how they are edited can be caught and called
out if the edit is misleading. This is important because the winner of America's Favorite Player winning $50,000 (and the majority of voters being viewers that only watch the 3 episodes
per week, not the live feeds).

However, another factor is how Big Brother is set up where only 1 or 2 people get true power week over week. To summarize a typical Big Brother week: They have a Head of Household
competition. The player that wins this gets to nomimate 2 players for eviction. After this, these 3 players - the Head of Household and nominees - as well as 3 other players compete 
for the Power of Veto. The winner of this, can select 1 person to take off the block and are safe for the week (or keep the nominations the same). If someone is taken off, then the 
Head of Household names a replacement nominee. Then one of the two nominees is evicted.
  TL;DR: Head of Household Competition -> Initial Nominations -> Power of Veto Nominations -> Veto Nominations -> Eviction

Because of this, players that were underedited can get a huge boost in visibility by winning Head of Household because the edit needs to make sense based on their targets, narratively. 
However, being a nominee will also lead to increased confessionals too. And as a result, this is something that needs to be taken into account.
  For example, if someone gets power in week 2 and is then evicted on week 4 will result in having 2 weeks with inflated confessional counts and could lead to this person being more
  visible than players that go significantly further in the game.
  
A real example of this is Reilly from the most recent season. Reilly was Head of Household in week 1 then evicited in week 2. This lead to her having the most confessionals through the
first two weeks (45 - second was 31). These inflated weeks still resulted in Reilly having more confessions than 2 players that placed higher than her.
